Update Gitlab token expiry documentation (#97)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/gitlab-eece.mdx

   | Name                    | Terraform Cloud (`<YOUR ORGANIZATION NAME>`)   |
   | Redirect URI            | `https://app.terraform.io/<YOUR CALLBACK URL>` |
   | Confidential (checkbox) | ✔️ (enabled)                                   |
   | Expire access tokens (checkbox) | (no longer required)                   |
   | Scopes (all checkboxes) | api                                            |

>    -> **Note:** Previous versions of Terraform Cloud required disabling `Expire access tokens` because Gitlab auth tokens would only be refreshed after 6 hours, but Gitlab would expire them after 2 hours. The setting does not exist on newer Gitlab versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -> **Note:** For previous versions of Terraform Cloud and GitLab, we recommended disabling a setting called `Expire access tokens`. This action was required because Gitlab marked OAuth tokens as expired after 2 hours, but Terraform Cloud only refreshed tokens after 6 hours. This setting does not exist on Gitlab v15+ and Terraform Cloud now refreshes tokens more often.
```

Author: This is great, thanks for the suggestion. 😄
